hi blend the ball chef tonight I'm
making a shish kabob with the lamb and
the lemon sounds like a strange
combination I'm Julia try this recipe
it's really good and I'm going to show
you how to put it together we'll first
start out by showing you what
ingredients actually go into this lamb
kebab recipe it's a very simple we've
got a green pepper we've got two ripe
tomatoes medium onion a lemon some
bamboo shish kebab sticks some my lamb
we're going to cut up into cubes you can
use leg of lamb are you laying lamb
shank I've got a teaspoon of cinnamon a
tablespoon of minced garlic black pepper
sea salt answer some worships or serve
sauce I'm going to prep all this up and
we'll show you how to put this together
and then dig it out in the grill and
show you how to clean X step here as you
can see we have all of our ingredients
cut up we've got our land here we're
going to season this lamb about mom say
good ten rotations of cracked black
pepper we're going to put in about a
teaspoon and a half of sea salt a dash
of Worcestershire sauce and our garlic
and our cinema then will turn negative
they're just going to mix that up early
it's a marination real purpose into this
video I would normally set this in the
refrigerator and let this marinate for
about an hour before I started putting
these kabob together but since we're
going to do this quickly we just start
taking these bamboo skewers and I just
starts curing these pieces of lamb lemon
green pepper onion
tomato
like the live
practicing lemon
with lumen cooks it criminalizes and so
the shear comes out and it really does
something special with that the lamb
what I'll do I'll just make up a series
of about six of these guys here
right now that we've got our grill
preheated to medium you can just start
putting our shish kebabs right on the
grill here
six of them
will please do
is cook for about Oh
give you four minutes per side and it's
the last little thing here I usually do
is just drizzle a little olive oil on
there so what we're going to do is let
these little guys go here for a minute
and we'll come back and and flip them
off and take a look at them all right
all right we just flip these lamb kebabs
over and we're going to go for another
four minutes and we'll get ready to
plate them up and see how they look
it led the ball show we've just put
together this fabulous dish of lamb
kabobs with the lemon cinnamon that's
really quite spectacular just take one
little piece off here give it a sample
mmm that cinnamon really brings out the
flavor in the lamb with that lemon it's
a delicious dish that is always going
apathy that watching this live all show